If, on the other hand, the older session is resumed, then the server MUST ignore the extensions and send a server hello containing none of the extension types.  In this case, the functionality of these extensions negotiated during the original session initiation is applied to the resumed session.

Here, "url_and_hash_list" contains a sequence of URLs and hashes. Each "url" MUST be an absolute URI reference according to [RFC3986] that can be immediately used to fetch the certificate(s).

The "padding" byte MUST be 0x01.  It is present to make the structure backwards compatible.

Servers that support this extension MUST support the 'http' URI scheme for certificate URLs and MAY support other schemes.

The TLS server MUST NOT follow HTTP redirects when retrieving the certificates or certificate chain.  The URLs used in this extension MUST NOT be chosen to depend on such redirects.

The server MUST check that the SHA-1 hash of the contents of the object retrieved from that URL (after decoding any MIME Content- Transfer-Encoding) matches the given hash. 

If any retrieved object does not have the correct SHA-1 hash, the server MUST abort the handshake with a bad_certificate_hash_value(114) alert.

If a server is unable to obtain certificates in a given CertificateURL, it MUST send a fatal certificate_unobtainable(111) alert if it requires the certificates to complete the handshake.

In the case of the "id-pkix-ocsp-nonce" OCSP extension, [RFC2560] is unclear about its encoding; for clarification, the nonce MUST be a DER-encoded OCTET STRING, which is encapsulated as another OCTET STRING (note that implementations based on an existing OCSP client will need to be checked for conformance to this requirement).

If a server returns a "CertificateStatus" message, then the server MUST have included an extension of type "status_request" with empty "extension_data" in the extended server hello.

Clients requesting an OCSP response and receiving an OCSP response in a "CertificateStatus" message MUST check the OCSP response and abort the handshake if the response is not satisfactory with bad_certificate_status_response(113) alert.

All Certificates MUST conform to [RFC5280].

DER (as opposed to BER) encoding MUST be used.  If this type is sent over a 7-bit transport, base64 encoding SHOULD be used.

To avoid "breaking" existing clients and servers, these alerts MUST NOT be sent unless the sending party has received an extended hello message from the party they are communicating with.
