In the absence of an application profile standard specifying otherwise, a TLS-compliant application MUST implement the cipher suite TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA (see Appendix A.5 for the definition).

TLS 1.2 clients that wish to support SSL 2.0 servers MUST send version 2.0 CLIENT-HELLO messages defined in [SSL2].  The message MUST contain the same version number as would be used for ordinary ClientHello, and MUST encode the supported TLS cipher suites in the CIPHER-SPECS-DATA field as described below.

For negotiation purposes, 2.0 CLIENT-HELLO is interpreted the same way as a ClientHello with a "null" compression method and no extensions.  Note that this message MUST be sent directly on the wire, not wrapped as a TLS record.

The highest bit MUST be 1; the remaining bits contain the length of the following data in bytes.

This field, in conjunction with the version field, identifies a version 2 ClientHello message.  The value MUST be 1.

This field is the total length of the field cipher_specs.  It cannot be zero and MUST be a multiple of the V2CipherSpec length (3).

This field MUST have a value of zero for a client that claims to support TLS 1.2.

session_id This field MUST be empty.

Note: Requests to resume a TLS session MUST use a TLS client hello.

When TLS clients fall back to Version 2.0 compatibility mode, they MUST use special PKCS#1 block formatting.  This is done so that TLS servers will reject Version 2.0 sessions with TLS-capable clients.

When a client negotiates SSL 2.0 but also supports TLS, it MUST set the right-hand (least-significant) 8 random bytes of the PKCS padding (not including the terminal null of the padding) for the RSA encryption of the ENCRYPTED-KEY-DATA field of the CLIENT-MASTER-KEY to 0x03 (the other padding bytes are random).

Note: this extension is not meaningful for TLS versions prior to 1.2. Clients MUST NOT offer it if they are offering prior versions.

Servers MUST NOT send this extension.  TLS servers MUST support receiving this extension.

Implementors upgrading from SSLv3 MUST modify their implementations to generate and accept the correct encoding.

If the decompression function encounters a TLSCompressed.fragment that would decompress to a length in excess of 2^14 bytes, it MUST report a fatal decompression failure error.

The length (in bytes) of the following TLSCompressed.fragment. The length MUST NOT exceed 2^14 + 1024.
