Application Data MUST NOT be sent prior to sending the Finished message, except as specified in Section 2.3.

When PSKs are provisioned out of band, the PSK identity and the KDF hash algorithm to be used with the PSK MUST also be provisioned.

This structure is generated by the server and MUST be generated independently of the ClientHello.random.

Clients MUST check for this extension prior to processing the rest of the ServerHello (although they will have to parse the ServerHello in order to read the extension).

When a server is operating statelessly, it may receive an unprotected record of type change_cipher_spec between the first and second ClientHello (see Section 5).  Since the server is not storing any state, this will appear as if it were the first message to be received.  Servers operating statelessly MUST ignore these records.

Clients MUST NOT act upon any information found in "supported_groups" prior to successful completion of the handshake but MAY use the information learned from a successfully completed handshake to change what groups they use in their "key_share" extension in subsequent connections.

The key_exchange values for each KeyShareEntry MUST be generated independently.

In order to accept early data, the server MUST have accepted a PSK cipher suite and selected the first key offered in the client's "pre_shared_key" extension.

For identities established externally, an obfuscated_ticket_age of 0 SHOULD be used, and servers MUST ignore the value.

For externally established PSKs, the Hash algorithm MUST be set when the PSK is established or default to SHA-256 if no such algorithm is defined.

The server MUST ensure that it selects a compatible PSK (if any) and cipher suite.

Clients MUST NOT attempt to use tickets which have ages greater than the "ticket_lifetime" value which was provided with the ticket. 

The OpenPGP certificate type [RFC6091] MUST NOT be used with TLS 1.3.

Any records following a Finished message MUST be encrypted under the appropriate application traffic key as described in Section 7.2.

On resumption, if reporting an SNI value to the calling application, implementations MUST use the value sent in the resumption ClientHello rather than the value sent in the previous session.

Clients MUST NOT cache tickets for longer than 7 days, regardless of the ticket_lifetime, and MAY delete tickets earlier based on local policy.
 
All of the client's messages for a given response MUST appear consecutively on the wire with no intervening messages of other types.

Additionally, both sides MUST enforce that a KeyUpdate with the old key is received before accepting any messages encrypted with the new key.

An implementation may receive an unencrypted record of type change_cipher_spec consisting of the single byte value 0x01 at any time after the first ClientHello message has been sent or received and before the peer's Finished message has been received and MUST simply drop it without further processing.

Alert messages (Section 6) MUST NOT be fragmented across records, and multiple alert messages MUST NOT be coalesced into a single TLSPlaintext record.  In other words, a record with an Alert type MUST contain exactly one message.

This field is deprecated and MUST be ignored for all purposes.

Note that Application Data records MUST NOT be written to the wire unprotected (see Section 2 for details).
 
Because the size of sequence numbers is 64-bit, they should not wrap. If a TLS implementation would need to wrap a sequence number, it MUST either rekey (Section 4.6.3) or terminate the connection.

Padding is a string of zero-valued bytes appended to the ContentType field before encryption.  Implementations MUST set the padding octets to all zeros before encrypting.

Servers and clients MUST forget the secret values and keys established in failed connections, with the exception of the PSKs associated with session tickets, which SHOULD be discarded if possible.

Any data received after a closure alert has been received MUST be ignored.

If the application protocol using TLS provides that any data may be carried over the underlying transport after the TLS connection is closed, the TLS implementation MUST receive a "close_notify" alert before indicating end-of-data to the application layer.

Where Secret is either the early_exporter_master_secret or the exporter_master_secret.  Implementations MUST use the exporter_master_secret unless explicitly specified by the application.

The second class of attack cannot be prevented at the TLS layer and MUST be dealt with by any application.

Servers MAY also implement data stores with false positives, such as Bloom filters, in which case they MUST respond to apparent replay by rejecting 0-RTT but MUST NOT abort the handshake.

The server MUST derive the storage key only from validated sections of the ClientHello.

In the absence of an application profile standard specifying otherwise, a TLS-compliant application MUST implement the following TLS extensions:

Additionally, all implementations MUST support the use of the "server_name" extension with applications capable of using it.

A middlebox which terminates a TLS connection MUST behave as a compliant TLS server (to the original client), including having a certificate which the client is willing to accept, and also as a compliant TLS client (to the original server), including verifying the original server's certificate.  In particular, it MUST generate its own ClientHello containing only parameters it understands, and it MUST generate a fresh ServerHello random value, rather than forwarding the endpoint's value.

A middlebox which forwards ClientHello parameters it does not understand MUST NOT process any messages beyond that ClientHello. It MUST forward all subsequent traffic unmodified.

Values listed as "_RESERVED" were used in previous versions of TLS and are listed here for completeness. TLS 1.3 implementations MUST NOT send them but might receive them from older TLS implementations.

If no such mechanism is used, then the connection has no protection against active man-in-the-middle attack; applications MUST NOT use TLS in such a way absent explicit configuration or a specific application profile.

The value of TLSPlaintext.legacy_record_version MUST be ignored by all implementations.

Exporters can produce arbitrary-length values; if exporters are to be used as channel bindings, the exported value MUST be large enough to provide collision resistance.

Because clients do not know the exact details of server behavior, they MUST NOT send messages in early data which are not safe to have replayed and which they would not be willing to retry across multiple 1-RTT connections.

Application protocols MUST NOT use 0-RTT data without a profile that defines its use.

In addition, to avoid accidental misuse, TLS implementations MUST NOT enable 0-RTT (either sending or accepting) unless specifically requested by the application and MUST NOT automatically resend 0-RTT data if it is rejected by the server unless instructed by the application.

In order to allow applications to implement this kind of processing, TLS implementations MUST provide a way for the application to determine if the handshake has completed.

The ServerHello MUST only include extensions which are required to establish the cryptographic context and negotiate the protocol version.
